---
title: Build an outdoor eating kit
image: 2021-09-26-take-out.jpg
---

This year we perfected our outdoor dining kit. We keep the kit in our front closet and pull it out after we place a pick-up order and find a nearby table.

{% include img.html src="2021-09-26-take-out.jpg" alt="An outdoor table with a gray table cloth, three plates, three black napkins, and three silver cups." width="4032" height="3024" %}

- **Utensils and plates.** You can pick up individual forks and spoons from most stores or find extras in your utensil drawer. We picked up [divided plates with higher walls](https://shopwithgreen.com/products/shopwithgreen-eco-bamboo-divided-plates-3-pack-monochrome) which supports a range of food types.
- **Kitchen shears.** Skip knives and go for kitchen shears. You can much more quickly snip food into bite-size pieces and you will save the surface of your plates.
- **Linens.** A cloth tablecloth and napkins makes even the most weathered table more comfortable. Once we get home, everything goes in the wash and comes out new again. We also keep a package of baby wipes for those extra sticky situations.
- **Reusable takeaway containers.** We keep a few takeaway containers in our kit to prevent leaks from leftovers.
- **Wet dry bags.** Our kit has two wet dry bags. One holds all the clean utensils and plates and the other is for the dirtied counterparts.
- **Mosquito repellent.** A bug-free meal is about 5 minutes away with the [Radius Zone Mosquito Repellent](https://www.thermacell.com/products/radius-zone-mosquito-repellent-gen-2-0).
- **A tote.** Our local grocery store sells a collapsible grocery tote and it ended up being the perfect vessel for our kit. To add some structure, we added IKEA drawer organizers.

{% include img.html src="2021-09-26-take-out-2.jpg" width="2807" height="3742" alt="The above view of an open black tote." %}
