---
title: When to create a bot
category: code
image:
tags:
- workflow
- bots
---

I love automating processes and creating bots (whether they are useful or just fun). Here are some of my tips to identify if your workflow could benefit from automation.

## Recipe for a good bot

You'll know if you have a candidate for an bot if you have: [a frequent manual process](#1-frequent-manual-process), [consistent data](#2-consistent-data), and [a trigger](#3-a-trigger).

### 1. Frequent manual process

The *frequent* part in frequent manual process is however frequent helps you get the job done. For me, if I know I have to do something more than once I'll already start scheming on how to ease it off my plate.

Here are a few examples of some manual processes you may see in your day to day:

> “Every week I update a GitHub ticket with data from a Google Spreadsheet.”

> “Every day I need to know how many people are going to be in the office, including visitors.”

> “I need to know who at the company has anniversary next month and how many years so we can order them a personalized cake.”

### 2. Consistent data

Having a consistent data source can really make or break your ability to create an automation. Check to see that your data:

- Lives on an application or service that has an API.
- Has hooks or identifiers that will allow you to get to the core of the data that you need or provide a trigger.

### 3. A trigger

Your bot needs a trigger to know when to run its code.

You bot could run on a schedule:

- Every 5 minutes
- The first Monday of the month
- Every day at 5:30 pm Pacific Time
- When an event is triggered

Or it could be based on a trigger..... MORE HERE

## Should I build it custom?

There are a lot of services like [Zapier](#) and [IFTTT](#) that can make automation as easy as connecting your account and clicking a few buttons. There are also a lot of built in features in [Slack](#).

I recommend seeing if there's already a service available that can do the automation you're looking for before creating something from scratch.

Create a custom bot when a service doesn't connect the processes you need or in a way that you need them to or you have any privacy concerns.

## Where can I host a custom bot?

I'm sure there are loads of places to host your bot's code and help you with scheduling. Here are a couple that I've worked with personally:

* [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](#) - You can upload your code to an S3 bucket and then use a Lambda for trigger and/or schedule it.
* [Glitch](#) -

## Is my bot helpful?

This is the question you should constantly ask yourself, especially when dealing with bots that interact with others or in public spaces:

- Evaluate if your bot is adding value or noise.
- Make sure that the bot fits into our workflows and not the other way around.

Finally, have a work-in-progress mindset with your automations. Your workflows and productivity constantly change, so should your bots. Ask for colleagues for feedback and observe how others interact with your automation, and then reiterate.
