---
title: Dots

tags:
  - CSS
  - Sass
  - Dribbble
  - CodePen
image: 2014-03-19-dots-0.gif
pen: rLino
---

<p data-height="350" data-theme-id="97" data-slug-hash="rLino" data-default-tab="result" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah/pen/rLino/'>Dots</a> by Katy DeCorah (<a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah'>@katydecorah</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>

The other day I came across the Dribbble shot Cross by Helvetic Brands. I loved the pixels and the animation, so I started to code it out. I used a single element to create the first pixel and then used `box-shadow` to generate the rest. I started to add the animation, but I spun myself in another direction.

I cloned the `box-shadow`, creating two sets of dots and had the pair square dancing, as seen above.

## 1 dot + box-shadow = 16 dots

With the single element, `.dot`, I used its pseudo elements to house each set of dots. The actual element serves as container. The `width` and `height` of the element adjusts to the `$size` of the dots, the number of `$dots`, and the number of dot `$rows`.

Each pseudo element creates the first dot, the upper-most, left-most dot. The dot sets the precedent for the `box-shadow` dots using `$size`.

I used `box-shadow` to spin out 4 rows and 4 columns of dots. I admit that I first wrote out the shadow values by hand (more on that later). Instead of assigning the color value of the `box-shadow`, I used the `color` property within each pseudo element to control the color.

## Negative Delays

I created an animation `cross` that translates the pseudo elements around a rigid square (down, right, up, left). At first I calculated the `translate` values by hand. Then I figured out how to replace the values with a variable using `$size` to make the animation scalable.

```css
animation: cross 2s infinite ease-in;
```

I created a second animation `criss` to apply to the second pseudo element. Then I remembered that I had seen that you can use a negative value on the `animation-delay` to give the animation a head start. I nixed the `criss` animation, duplicated the original rule, and added a negative delay.

```css
animation: cross 2s infinite ease-in -1s;
```

Square dancing dots!

## dotMama: The Sass Function

I had the project finished, but I wanted to optimize my code.

I sent myself on a mission to write a Sass function to output the `box-shadow` values. I had never written a Sass function before, but I found a post about creating [Sassy Text Shadows by Adam Stacoviak](http://thesassway.com/projects/sassy-text-shadow). I borrowed the bones of the function and started hacking at it.

Even though my function needed to loop through a small set of value, I started to confuse myself. I kept getting in my head about it. Maybe it was the complex function I was altering or the fact that I was playing with a new syntax. Whatever the reason, I decided to switch languages for a hot minute.

I thought to my myself, "How would I write this at work?" I am limited to ColdFusion at work. Yeah, it's not great, but it's the language that I'm using at daily, thus it's freshest in my mind.

Within a couple minutes, I wrote the following loop in ColdFusion using absolute values:

```html
<cfset x = 0>
<cfset y = 0>
<cfset max = 16>
<cfset row = 4>

<ol>
<cfloop from="1" to="#max#" index="i">
<li>#x#em #y#em 0</li>
<cfset y = y + 3>
<cfif i % row eq 0>
<cfset x = x + 3>
<cfset y = 0>
</cfif>
</cfloop>
</ol>
```

Next, I translated the ColdFusion to Sass and added in my relative values.

```css
@function dotMama($max, $r, $x, $y) {
  $output: "";
  @for $i from 1 through $max {
    $output: $output + "#{$x} #{$y} 0";
    @if $i < $max {
      $output: $output + ", ";
    }
    $y: $y + ($size _ 2);
    @if $i % $r == 0 {
      $y: 0;
      $x: $x + ($size _ 2);
    }
  }
  @return unquote(\$output);
}
```

I am the proud creator of the Sass function, `dotMama`.

(p.s. holy hell, I used modulus!)

## Play, please

I tried my darnedest to make this whole project scalable. Try changing the `$dots` and `$rows` in the Sass. You will find that the dots do a great job of following your orders.

<div class="photos">
<div class="img-half">
<p data-height="266" data-theme-id="97" data-slug-hash="2e0fa6c75b17b6906f1e151e0a42a70d" data-default-tab="result" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah/pen/2e0fa6c75b17b6906f1e151e0a42a70d/'>Dots</a> by Katy DeCorah (<a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah'>@katydecorah</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
</div>
<div class="img-half">
<p data-height="266" data-theme-id="97" data-slug-hash="24209396d8015bfb5e7f15cdf30f51f3" data-default-tab="result" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah/pen/24209396d8015bfb5e7f15cdf30f51f3/'>Dots</a> by Katy DeCorah (<a href='http://codepen.io/katydecorah'>@katydecorah</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
</div>
</div>
