---
title: When to automate
category: code
? image
emoji: 🤖
tags:
  - workflow
---

You'll know if you have a candidate for an automation if you have: [a frequent manual process](#1-frequent-manual-process), [consistent data](#2-consistent-data), and [a trigger](#3-a-trigger).

## 1. Frequent manual process

The _frequent_ part in frequent manual process is however frequent helps you get the job done. If I know I have to do something more than once then I usually start scheming on how to ease it off my plate.

Here are a few examples of some manual processes you may see in your day to day:

- Every week I update a GitHub ticket with data from a Google Spreadsheet.
- Every day I need to know how many people are going to be in the office, including visitors.
- I need to know who at the company has anniversary next month and how many years so we can order them a personalized cake.

## 2. Consistent data

Having a consistent data source can really make or break your ability to automate. Check to see that your data:

- Lives on an application or service that has an API.
- Has hooks or identifiers that will allow you to get to the core of the data that you need or provide a trigger. For example, if you need something to happen based on a specific date, then you'd look for a date field in your data. MORE HERE.

## 3. A trigger

Your automation needs a trigger to know when to run its code.

You automation could run on a schedule:

- Every 5 minutes
- The first Monday of the month
- Every day at 5:30 pm Pacific Time

Or your automation can run in response to another event. For example, if you send a Tweet with the hashtag #whentoautomate, then you could trigger an automation to automatically save the contents of that tweet to a spreadsheet.

## Should I build it custom?

There are a lot of services like [Zapier](https://zapier.com/), [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/), [Apple's Shortcuts](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/shortcuts/id915249334?mt=8) that can make automation as easy as connecting your account and clicking a few buttons. There are also a lot of built in features and apps available through [Slack](https://www.slack.com/apps).

I recommend seeing if there's already a service available that can do the automation you're looking for before creating something from scratch.

You should create a custom automation when a service doesn't connect the processes you need, in a way that you need them to, or if you have any privacy concerns.

## Where can I host a custom automation?

There are loads of places to host your code. Here are a couple that I've worked with personally:

- [Amazon Web Services (AWS)](#) - You can upload your code to an S3 bucket and then use a Lambda for trigger and/or schedule it.
- [Glitch](#) -

## Is my automation helpful?

You should regularly check-in with your automations to make sure it's still accomplishing your goal, especially in the company of others:

- Evaluate if your automation is adding value or noise.
- Make sure that the automation fits into our workflows and not the other way around.

Finally, have a work-in-progress mindset with your automations. Your workflows and productivity constantly change, so should your automations. Ask for colleagues for feedback and observe how others interact with your automation, and then iterate.
