---
layout: post
title: Fall 2010
category: playlists
tags: 
  - music
  - "time travel"
---
* Central and Remote, Grizzly Bear, Yellow House
* Running, Returning, Akron/Family, Akron/Family
* Evergreen, Celebration, The Modern Tribe
* I Woke Up Today, Port O'Brien, All We Could Do Was Sing (Ref. Master w/ Bonus tracks)
* The Rider (Dolphin Song), Akron/Family, Meek Warrior
* People Got a Lotta Nerve, Neko Case, Middle Cyclone
* Me And The Devil, Gil Scott-Heron, I'm New Here
* Famine Affair, of Montreal, False Priest
* Steppin Up, M.I.A., MAYA
* Tell Me Why, M.I.A., MAYA
* seed, crop, harvest, prinzhorn dance school
* Impossible Soul, Sufjan Stevens, The Age of Adz
* Heart Of Glass (Blondie Cover), Nouvelle Vague, Second Hand Songs
* Sideways Smile, Keepaway, Kompetitor
* Here Comes Your Man, PIXIES, 2004.05.01 - Indio, CA
* I'm Up On That (Feat. Homeboy Sandman), Das Racist
* Travel Broadens the Mind, DEERHOOF vs KASAI ALLSTARS, TRADI-MODS vs ROCKERS
* Dorm Room, Ducktails, The Report V.II
* i'm the one / money on my mind, jj, let them
* let them, jj, let them
* Take Me Somewhere, Tennis, Mastered album
* I Want To, Best Coast, Crazy For You
* Boyfriend, Best Coast, Crazy For You
* You Oughta Know, Das Racist, Shut Up, Dude
* Rainbow In The Dark, Das Racist, Shut Up, Dude
* Our Hearts Are Wrong, Jessica Lea Mayfield
* The Hunt, Woom, Muu's Way
* Green Glass Bottles, Atlas Sound, Bedroom Databank Vol. 1
* Stupor, Baths
* T.O.R.N.A.D.O., The Go! Team, Rolling Blackouts
* My Only Friend, The Poison Tree, The Poison Tree
* Should Have Taken Acid With You, Oberhofer
* Zoo Too (feat. Das Racist), Keepaway feat. Das Racist, KOMPETITOR
* Appropriate Stranger, Pina Chulada, Demos
* Shiny Suit Theory (feat. Jay-Z, The Dream &#38; Charlotte Gainsbourg), Jay Electronica, Act 2: Patents of Nobility (the turn)
* The Announcement feat., John F. Kennedy, Jay Electronica, The Dogon Society Rocnation Coronation Ceremony.
* Battles, Celebration, Celebration - Hello Paradise
* All Of The Lights, Kanye West, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
* Monster, Kanye West Ft. JAY-Z, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj &#38; Bon Iver, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
* So Appalled, Kanye West Ft. JAY-Z, Pusha T, Prynce Cy Hi, Swizz Beatz &#38; The RZA, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
* WHALE, Yellow Ostrich, The Mistress
* Radio, Air Waves, Dungeon Dots
* VCR/Wheels, Tyler, The Creator, Bastard
* MOSES, CHELSEA WOLFE, THE GRIME AND THE GLOW
* Loud Mouths, Wise Blood
* Rot My Brain Away, Wise Blood, Transparent 7
* Solo ('4' Claire), Wise Blood, Transparent 7
* Couch Featuring Ace Creator, Earl Sweatshirt, EARL
* Hospice Gates, Lower Dens, Twin-Hand Movement