---
layout: post
title: Winter 2010
category: playlists
tags: 
  - music
  - "time travel"
---
* The Heart Gently Weeps, Wu-Tang Clan
* Little Bit, Lykke Li, Youth Novels
* Lyrical Swords, GZA &#38; Ras Kass, Think Differently Music Presents-Wu-Tang Meets The Indie Culture
* Mikey Rocks, The Cool Kids, The Bake Sale
* Are You That Somebody? (Aaliyah Cover), The Gossip, Cover
* My Year In Lists, Los Campesinos!, Hold On Now, Youngster...
* P. Diddy, Kesha, Ke$ha
* Pulp Fiction Pt.1, U-N-I, A Love Supreme
* Beat (Health, Life and Fire ), Thao &#38; The Get Down Stay Down, We Brave Bee Stings and All
* Swimming In The Sky (Passion Pit, B.I.G., Beyonce), Xaphoon Jones
* The Sea Is A Good Place To Think Of The Future, Los Campesinos!, The Sea Is A Good Place To Think Of The Future
* House Of Flying Daggers Ft Inspectah Deck Ghostface Method Man, Raekwon, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx PT II
* New Wu Ft Ghostface Method Man, Raekwon, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx PT II
* Life Magazine, Cold Cave, Love Comes Close
* Apply, Glasser, 12 A-Side
* So Fine (Chairlift Remix), Telepathe, Dance Mother
* Boom I Fucked Your Boyfriend, Salt n Pepa
* vinterbarn, Fredrik, Trilogi
* Cudderisback, Kid Cudi
* Charles Hamilton Is Back, Charles Hamilton, The Normalcy Project
* I Can Transform Ya (Feat. Lil' Wayne &#38; Swizz Beatz), Chris Brown, Grafitti
* Friendly Ghost, Harlem, Hippies
* Pursuit of Happiness (Feat. MGMT And Ratatat), KiD CuDi, Man On The Moon: The End Of Day
* Dumb Dadadum, Quail Lungs, PPM 7
* 5 minuter med JJ, jj, jj
* Shine Blockas, Big Boi Ft. Gucci Mane
* Popular Demand (Popeyes) (Feat. Cam'Ron), Clipse
* Anarchy In The UK, Chances R (Feat. Dave Longsteth)
* Elephants, Warpaint, Exquisite Corpse
* Plan A, Los Campesinos!, Romance Is Boring
* Coda: A Burn Scar in the Shape of the Sooner State, Los Campesinos!, Romance Is Boring
* Live Mind, Sun Araw, Sun Ark 7 inch (mastered)
* Gucci-Lemonade, Lil Wayne,Gucci,Ti,Lil Boosie, The Pursuit Of Freedom
* Wasted, Gucci Mane Feat. Plies, Gucci Mane - Writing On Da Wall
* Caesar (Feat. Robyn) (Diplo Remix), I Blame Coco
* VCR (Matthew Dear Remix), The xx, VCR
* TiK ToK, Ke$ha, Animal
* Becky (Dirty), Plies
* Orion, These New Puritans, Hidden
* The Tournament, Mos Def, The Ecstatic Oct29 Mixes Sequence
* Gazzillion Ear (Babe Rainbow Remix), MF Doom
* Highs N Lows, Kid Cudi
* Sun Hands, Local Natives, Gorilla Manor
* Shake, The Game, The Red Album
* Thats You, Johnny Polygon, Rebel Without Applause
* Bury Me A G (Produced By J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League), Young Jeezy, The Inspiration-Thug_Motivation_102
* A Winner Needs a Wand, Sufjan Stevens, A Sun Came