---
title: Want to work with me?
sitemap: false
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
layout: linkedin
---

Hi there RSS feed reader,

I’m looking for a new position in 2022. I have had the pleasure of being at Mapbox for over 7 years and I'm ready for a new challenge.

One reason I stayed at Mapbox for so long (besides loving my team) is that it's scary to leave a place of comfort and especially hard to put your faith into a company where you may have no connections. So here goes!

<!--more-->

Is your team hiring or can you recommend a place for me to apply? I’d love to hear from you: `katydecorah@gmail.com`.

## I am…

- A fast and avid learner.
- Detailed oriented.
- A strong communicator.
- A jolly person.

## I have experience with…

- JavaScript, React, and Node.
- HTML, CSS, and Sass.
- Git and GitHub.
- Static site generators.
- Automations and working with APIs.
- Accessibility.
- AWS, including Lambda, S3, and CloudFront.
- Figma.
- Mentoring.
- Writing blog posts and tutorials.

## In my most recent role I…

Maintained a React component library and infrastructure that served over 900 documentation pages to approximately 130k users (1.5m page views) per month.

## I am looking for a…

- Full-time, remote position (US eastern).
- Team that values autonomy, trust, and learning.
- Team that practices work/life balance.
- Role in design systems, but open to others.

## Blurbs from my most recent performance review

> Working with Katy is always a joy because she takes the time to make sure everyone involved has the information they need to act.

> In addition to her always-excellent communication and documentation, Katy expertly weighed the pros and cons of tricky decisions, talked openly about unexpected setbacks, and respectfully expressed frustration about issues beyond her control and asked for help.

> I’ve already been impressed with Katy’s thoughtfulness and commitment to both onboarding our newest team member and working with them on real-world projects. She has shown a real knack for designing useful and challenging projects, maintaining a regular communications cadence, and providing useful feedback.

I am truly excited for a new chapter in my career.

Warmly,\
Katy
