---
published: false
---

Morph, `.morph`, is a single element and its pseudo element, `:before`. Both elements are styled very similiarly; tear drop shaped using `border-radius` where all values equal 100%, except the inner side is 40%.

## .morph
I needed to get each sharp side to touch. I rotated `.morph` 45degrees to make it's sharpest side point east. I didn't want to have to rotate this element, but it seemed like the only way to get the shapes positioned the way I wanted them. My oppoistion is that now I'm coding at a 45 degree angle. Put your right ear to your right shoulder; that's how I'm coding. On and off I commented out the `transform` on `.morph` so as to not confuse myself.

As far as size, I decided that `.morph` would use `$size` and then `:before` would use `$little`, a fraction of `$size`.

## :before
I had the first element in position, but now I needed to persuade `:before` to match up with `.morph`. After failing with a good result with `top` and `left`, I found solace in `translate`. Using `top` and `left` on a rotate element is confusing, but `translate` is a little easier to step into. It took a lot of guess and checking, but I found a good porportion.

## keyframes
I had the elements touch delicately at each respective sharp side. It looked great it was ready for animation.

I thought I could get away with just swapping `height` and `width` for each element, but I had to tinker with `top` and `translate`.

The issue is that `.morph` naturally has a `transform-origin: center`, because I didn't otherwise specify. That's great, but `:after` is a little off the mark.

For the `.morph` animation, I added a `top` to keep it centered and `:before` recieved another `translate` to keep it centered. Figuring it out was a delicate balancing act.